Update Set-ADUser.md (#2795)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2019-ps/activedirectory/Set-ADUser.md

Specifies the country or region code for the user's language of choice.
This parameter sets the **Country** property of a user object.
The LDAP display name (**ldapDisplayName**) of this property is c.

> This value uses the ISO-3166 2-character code (see [Country-Name attribute](/windows/win32/adschema/a-c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value uses the ISO-3166 2-character code (see [Country-Name attribute](/windows/win32/adschema/a-c)).
```

> This value uses the ISO-3166 2 character code (see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/adschema/a-c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value uses the ISO-3166 2-character code (see [Country-Name attribute](/windows/win32/adschema/a-c).
```
